=The Hidden Heir Ye Chen=
(Adapted from "The Peerless Son-in-Law")
=Episode 1=
(Liquor store)
(My name is Ye Chen.)
(For over 20 years,)
(I have been an orphan.)
(Cuixuan Pavilion)
(A worthless, despised nobody.)
(In order to treat Madam Li,)
(I work eight jobs every day)
(tirelessly from dawn to dusk.)
(I endure all kinds of humiliation.)
(But no one knows my true identity.)
(Money.)
(Beautiful women.)
(Power.)
Mr. Ye, please let me off the hook.
(I am)
(the heir of the top financial empire,
the Ye family.)
(It all started)
( a year ago,)
(the moment I became the Lucky Star.)
(Jinzhou)
The show begins,
featuring our very own clown.
(Ye Chen, soon-to-be Lucky Star)
(This is Ye Chen.)
(Though an orphan,)
(he carries the spirit of a dragon.)
(Despite the harshness,)
(he has never)
(been broken by suffering.)
(The Xiao family's fortune has run dry.)
(Old Mrs. Xiao, family head)
(But if he marries)
(into the family by 7 p.m. today,)
(he shall bring you wealth,)
(and glory)
(shall be reborn.)
Don't be shy. Come here.
Is it fun?
Answer me. Is it fun?
What's going on?
You want money, right?
Here.
Take it.
Enough?
Want more?
How shameless.
- Lucky Star!
Go.
What lucky star?
Is it some sort of a scam?
The Lucky Star shall return.
Don't bother trying.
Today's the day. Whether you
like it or not,
(Happy Wedding)
you have to get married.
Ma'am,
money can't buy me.
I won't marry you.
Marry me? You wish.
(My name is Xiao Churan.)
(No one can force me into anything.)
(Xiao Churan, heir to Xiao Group)
(I only came to see)
(who this Lucky Star really is.)
Xiao Churan
(Memories)
of Civil Engineering
is our campus belle
and the eldest heir
of a leading construction enterprise
in Jinzhou.
You have no chance.
I agree.
I'll marry her.
I'll do it.
(She's stunning.)
(He seems dense.)
Pervert.
There's... a loose thread.
Lame.
(Still the same temper.)
There really is a loose thread.
(Happy Wedding)
Grandma,
can that clown inside really
change our family's fortune?
The master said so himself.
As long as he marries
into the family before 7 p.m.,
our family will be saved from disaster
and rise to glory once more.
(Marriage Agreement)
Sign this
before we get married.
Looks like you came prepared.
I'll take a look.
(Marriage Agreement)
Both parties will only be married in name.
You will sleep in separate beds.
No marital relations shall occur.
Term. One year.
Can you make it longer?
I'll sign.
(Party A: Xiao Churan, Party B: Ye Chen)
(Happy Wedding)
A Lucky Star has entered the household.
We Xiao family
will prosper from here on out!
Ye Chen,
what kind of son-in-law are you?
You're nothing but a failure!
(I thought)
(that a wonderful life
was about to begin.)
(Unexpectedly,)
(Xiao Group's stock price plummeted.)
(The Xiao family became
the biggest joke in Jinzhou.)
(And I)
(became part of that joke as well.)
(Birthday)
Sorry,
we're late.
My e-bike ran out of battery on the way.
Ye Chen.
Today is Grandma's 70th birthday.
Finally a chance for you to shine,
and you show up late.
Churan.
Couldn't you have
picked a fancier restaurant?
There's barely any food here.
So stingy.
Churan, have a seat.
Here.
I'll sit here.
(Birthday)
Mom.
The more, the merrier.
Grandma,
I'd like to give you
(Premium Pu'er Tea)
this century-old Pu'er tea brick.
It's worth half a million.
(Xiao Hailong,
Xiao Churan's little brother)
Grandma,
Yunfei and I
have specially prepared for you
a top-grade Hetian jade Buddha.
(Xiao Weiwei, Churan's little sister
Wang Yunfei, Weiwei's boyfriend)
Worth 700,000.
Lucky Star, your gift
must be incredibly valuable, right?
Absolutely!
A gift from the Lucky Star
is bound to be priceless.
Grandma,
I'll perform a little talent for you.
The Bottle Flip Blitz.
How's it?
Mr. Zhang is here.
Mr. Zhang.
Wenhao.
(Zhang Wenhao, the Zhang family heir)
(Xiao Changkun, Xiao Churan's father)
Isn't he the punk
who used to harass our daughter?
(Ma Lan, Xiao Churan's mother)
That's called courting.
Churan, you're as beautiful as ever.
A top-grade jade Buddha pendant.
Worth three million.
I wish Grandma a long life.
Three million?
I've got some inside news.
Jinzhou's top conglomerate, Dihao Group,
is about to launch a resort project
worth two billion.
- Two billion?
I can
take Churan to meet
with their chairperson, Wang Dongxue,
and have him assign
the project to your family.
With that two billion,
our family can
turn things around completely.
Turn things around?
This would be a massive comeback.
It'd put you right back
at the top of Jinzhou society.
Thank you so much, Mr. Zhang.
Hold on. Don't thank me just yet.
Of course, there's a condition.
Churan must
divorce that loser immediately
and
marry me.
I don't care whether you
are some overseas returnee.
Churan already has a husband.
I say yes.
You'll divorce him now.
Mom?
Ye Chen.
Sign the papers. Now.
And get out of the family.
I disagree.
Grandma.
Why do you always pin your hopes
on other people?
As long as we just
stick together as a family,
I believe the Xiao Group
will make a comeback.
This is two billion.
You're being naive.
I also disagree.
Ye Chen.
Do you want to save Madam Li or not?
How do you know about Madam Li?
I not only know that you, an orphan,
were raised by her,
but I also know
she has severe kidney disease.
All these years,
you've worked yourself to the bone,
doing menial, degrading jobs,
all to pay for her treatment.
Right?
But do you know
why you could never find a kidney donor
and she could never have the surgery?
It's because I won't allow it.
You a-hole!
Listen to me and leave Churan.
I can save Madam Li
and give you one million.
I'll find my own way to save her.
I will never divorce Churan.
You ungrateful piece of trash.
Throw him out!
Grandma!
Ye Chen!
Churan, stay here.
Stay here.
You asked for it.
(I won't allow
a live-in son-in-law to ruin my plan.)
(Ye Chen,)
(what kind of son-in-law are you?)
(You're nothing but a failure!)
(You're a loser!)
(Get out.)
(Get out of the family.)
But do you know
why you could never find a kidney donor
and she could never have the surgery?
It's because I won't allow it.
(I don't want to divorce Churan.)
(Am I really just a failure?)
- Mr. Ye.
I read the script exactly
as you wrote it.
Not a single mistake.
I lied again.
Punish me.
♪Yet no one
sees the grace within my tears♪
♪They said I was only meant
to gaze at the light♪
♪Never knowing I am the flame itself♪
♪I am fireworks, not a fire cast aside♪
♪I open my eyes amid the ruins♪
♪No one shields me
from the wind or the sky♪
♪Let them mock, let them sneer♪
♪I sharpen my silence into blades♪
♪Every cold word, I remember♪
♪Etching my path of defiance
into my heart♪
♪Fate did not sign my future for me♪
♪I carved my own light
with clenched fists♪
♪I belong to no one♪
♪I am the ember
that refuses to bow to destiny♪
♪Even if the world burns me into ash♪
♪I will rise upon those ashes♪